The title of Yonatan Bisk is Assistant Professor. The email of Yonatan Bisk is Email:ybisk@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Yonatan Bisk is Office:Gates & Hillman Centers. The research areas of Yonatan Bisk is Research Areas:Grounding, RoboNLP, Vision and Language, Embodiment, Unsupervised Learning.
The title of Ralf Brown is Principal Systems Scientist. The email of Ralf Brown is Email:ralf@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Ralf Brown is Office:5711 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Ralf Brown is Phone:412-268-8298. The research areas of Ralf Brown is Research Areas:Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics.
The title of Jamie Callan is Professor and PhD Program Director. The email of Jamie Callan is Email:callan@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Jamie Callan is Office:5419 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Jamie Callan is Phone:412-268-4525. The research areas of Jamie Callan is Research Areas:Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics.
The title of Justine Cassell is Professor (On Leave). The email of Justine Cassell is Email:jcassell@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Justine Cassell is Office:5107 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Justine Cassell is Phone:412-204-6268.
The title of Mona Diab is LTI Director and Tenured Professor. The email of Mona Diab is Email:mdiab@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Mona Diab is Phone:412-268-3669.
The title of Fernando Diaz is Associate Professor. The email of Fernando Diaz is Email:diazf@cmu.edu. The phone of Fernando Diaz is Phone:412-268-4229. The research areas of Fernando Diaz is Research Areas:Information Retrieval: Recommender Systems, Retrieval and Ranking Models, Natural Language Processing: Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Creativity, Evaluation.
The title of Scott Fahlman is Research Professor Emeritus. The email of Scott Fahlman is Email:sef@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Scott Fahlman is Office:6417 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Scott Fahlman is Phone:412-268-2575. The research areas of Scott Fahlman is Research Areas:AI, Knowledge Representation and Reasoning, Natural Language Understanding.
The title of Robert Frederking is Principal Systems Scientist/Associate Dean of Doctoral Programs/MLT Program Director. The email of Robert Frederking is Email:ref@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Robert Frederking is Office:6515 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Robert Frederking is Phone:412-268-6656.
The title of Daniel Fried is Assistant Professor. The email of Daniel Fried is Email:dfried@andrew.cmu.edu. The research areas of Daniel Fried is Research Areas:Natural Language Processing: Language and Code, Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Discourse and Pragmatics, Multimodal AI.
The title of Anatole Gershman is Distinguished Service Professor. The email of Anatole Gershman is Email:anatole.gershman@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Anatole Gershman is Office:6415 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Anatole Gershman is Phone:412-268-8259. The research areas of Anatole Gershman is Research Areas:Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering.
The title of Alexander Hauptmann is Research Professor. The email of Alexander Hauptmann is Email:alex@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Alexander Hauptmann is Office:5519 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Alexander Hauptmann is Phone:412-268-1448. The research areas of Alexander Hauptmann is Research Areas:Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction.
The title of Daphne Ippolito is Assistant Professor. The email of Daphne Ippolito is Email:daphnei@cmu.edu. The phone of Daphne Ippolito is Phone:412-268-7250. The research areas of Daphne Ippolito is Research Areas:Natural Language Generation, Privacy and Security, Language Technology Application Areas/Issues, Creativity.
The title of Lori Levin is Research Professor. The email of Lori Levin is Email:lsl@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Lori Levin is Office:5717 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Lori Levin is Phone:412-268-6193. The research areas of Lori Levin is Research Areas:Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Corpus Annotation and Resources.
The title of Lei Li is Assistant Professor. The email of Lei Li is Email:leili@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Lei Li is Phone:412-268-6355. The research areas of Lei Li is Research Areas:Machine Learning, Machine Translation, Large Language Models, AI Drug Discovery.
The title of Teruko Mitamura is Research Professor. The email of Teruko Mitamura is Email:teruko@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Teruko Mitamura is Office:6711 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Teruko Mitamura is Phone:412-268-6596. The research areas of Teruko Mitamura is Research Areas:Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics.
The title of Louis-Philippe Morency is Leonardo Associate Professor of Computer Science. The email of Louis-Philippe Morency is Email:morency@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Louis-Philippe Morency is Office:5411 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Louis-Philippe Morency is Phone:412-268-5508. The research areas of Louis-Philippe Morency is Research Areas:Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing.
The title of David Mortensen is Assistant Research Professor. The email of David Mortensen is Email:dmortens@cs.cmu.edu. The office of David Mortensen is Office:5707 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of David Mortensen is Phone:412-268-2894. The research areas of David Mortensen is Research Areas:Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Corpus Annotation and Resources.
The title of Graham Neubig is Associate Professor. The email of Graham Neubig is Email:gneubig@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Graham Neubig is Office:5409 Gates & Hillman Centers. The research areas of Graham Neubig is Research Areas:Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing, Spoken Language Processing, Machine Learning.
The title of Eric Nyberg is Professor. The email of Eric Nyberg is Email:ehn@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Eric Nyberg is Office:6715 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Eric Nyberg is Phone:412-268-7281. The research areas of Eric Nyberg is Research Areas:Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education.
The title of Kemal Oflazer is Teaching Professor of Computer Science. The email of Kemal Oflazer is Email:ko@qatar.cmu.edu. The office of Kemal Oflazer is Office:1009 Carnegie Mellon - Qatar Campus. The phone of Kemal Oflazer is Phone:.
The title of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Professor. The email of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Email:bhiksha@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Office:6705 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Phone:412-268-9826. The research areas of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Research Areas:Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing, Privacy.
The title of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Professor. The email of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Email:cprose@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Office:5415 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Phone:412-268-7130. The research areas of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Research Areas:Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Computer Supported Collaborative Learning/MOOCs.
The title of Alexander Rudnicky is Research Professor Emeritus. The email of Alexander Rudnicky is Email:alex.rudnicky@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Alexander Rudnicky is Office:6511 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Alexander Rudnicky is Phone:412-268-2622. The research areas of Alexander Rudnicky is Research Areas:Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing.
The title of Maarten Sap is Assistant Professor. The email of Maarten Sap is Email:msap2@andrew.cmu.edu. The research areas of Maarten Sap is Research Areas:Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Computational Social Science, Discourse and Pragmatics, Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue.
The title of Michael Shamos is Distinguished Career Professor. The email of Michael Shamos is Email:shamos@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Michael Shamos is Office:6707 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Michael Shamos is Phone:412-268-8193.
The title of Rita Singh is Associate Research Professor. The email of Rita Singh is Email:rsingh@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Rita Singh is Office:6703 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Rita Singh is Phone:412-268-9859.
The title of Emma Strubell is Assistant Professor. The email of Emma Strubell is Email:estrubel@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Emma Strubell is Office:Gates & Hillman Centers.
The title of Alexander Waibel is Professor. The email of Alexander Waibel is Email:waibel@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Alexander Waibel is Office:205 407 South Craig Street. The phone of Alexander Waibel is Phone:412-268-7676. The research areas of Alexander Waibel is Research Areas:Spoken Language Translation, Machine Translation, Speech Processing, Neural Networks, Machine Learning, Multimodal Interaction, Dialog Processing.
The title of Shinji Watanabe is Associate Professor. The email of Shinji Watanabe is Email:swatanab@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Shinji Watanabe is Phone:412-268-3687. The research areas of Shinji Watanabe is Research Areas:Natural Language Processing: Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Speech Processing (ASR, Speech Synthesis): Speech Recognition, Speech Synthesis, Multilingual/Low-Resource Speech Processing, Speech-to-Speech Translation, Speech Enhancement / Robust Speech Processing.
The title of Sean Welleck is Assistant Professor (Starting January 2024). The email of Sean Welleck is Email:swelleck@andrew.cmu.edu.
The title of Eric P. Xing is Professor (On Leave). The email of Eric P. Xing is Email:epxing@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Eric P. Xing is Office:8101 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Eric P. Xing is Phone:412-268-2559.
The title of Chenyan Xiong is Associate Professor. The email of Chenyan Xiong is Email:cx@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Chenyan Xiong is Phone:412-268-7641.
The title of Yiming Yang is Professor. The email of Yiming Yang is Email:yiming@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Yiming Yang is Office:6717 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Yiming Yang is Phone:412-268-1364.